[Select] Improve native validation, autofill, and testability (#21192)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/pages/api-docs/select.md

| <span class="prop-name">iconOpen</span> | <span class="prop-name">.MuiSelect-iconOpen</span> | Styles applied to the icon component if the popup is open.
| <span class="prop-name">iconFilled</span> | <span class="prop-name">.MuiSelect-iconFilled</span> | Styles applied to the icon component if `variant="filled"`.
| <span class="prop-name">iconOutlined</span> | <span class="prop-name">.MuiSelect-iconOutlined</span> | Styles applied to the icon component if `variant="outlined"`.

> | <span class="prop-name">shadowInput</span> | <span class="prop-name">.MuiSelect-shadowInput</span> | Styles applied to the shadow input component.

Reviewer: @oliviertassinari Is it possible to keep classes private? This doesn't seem like a helpful class. At least explain what it is. "shadow input" is unlikely something you understand without knowing the  implementation.

Reviewer 2: We have no infrastructure in place to make a style rule inside a style sheet private. What we could do is add another style hook.

At the very least, I would change it to:

```suggestion
| <span class="prop-name">nativeInput</span> | <span class="prop-name">.MuiSelect-shadowInput</span> | Styles applied to the underlying native input component.
```

*shadow* came from the name we give to the second textarea in `TextareaAutosize`
